v1.16.7 (#4805)
fluent/fluentd: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.16

## Release v1.16.7 - 2025/01/29

### Bug Fix

> * windows: Fix `NoMethodError` of --daemon under Windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows: Fix `NoMethodError` of `--daemon` option
```

  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4796

> * windows: Add workaround for unexpected exception

Reviewer: > windows: Add workaround for unexpected exception

We should not handle this as a bug fix since this issue does not affect Fluentd's actual behavior.

  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4747

> * windows: Fix an issue where stopping the service immediately after startup
>   https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4782

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Windows: Fixed an issue where stopping the service immediately after startup could leave the processes
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4782
* Windows: Fixed an issue where stopping service sometimes can not be completed forever
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4782
```

I'd like to use the release notes proposed in #4782.

> 

Reviewer: How about adding misc?

```md
### Misc

* README: remove deprecated google analytics beacon
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4797
* CI improvemnts
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4723
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4788
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4789
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4790
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4791
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4793
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4794
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4795
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4798
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4799
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4800
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4801
  https://github.com/fluent/fluentd/pull/4803
```
